but a dream territory for berry banana
fanna fo Barry they battle their real
it's Jerry Siri no Terry you are one
person and the world Who am I who is
this ravishing man on your screen Terry
Vaughn fossil Devon fossil ha said with
me born fossil and repeat after me now
exact international right ready mum
fossil half von fossil ha Hossa law but
ha ha ha Cirie monastery doing in your
world you ask I have mission 16 brass
instruments need to be playing under my
harmonic voice by Saturday will you take
the charge text me right now 2 or 4 9 55
65 65 flautist trombonists cellist even
I know that brass but you've got balls
and not gonna appreciate that hey what
are you doing come on now Terry loves
all he understands you want to sneak a
little peek here against your instrument
I don't want to know anything else just
what you pay call me email me find me
online myspace please tera wants to
listen we want to make music together ok
that is all I'll wait for you but not
long don't tarry teary
you